## Meeting
Calendar Event Title: MESA and other Retool Dashboards Overview
Calendar Event Time: 2025-09-03T18:00:00-04:00
Meeting Note Title:MESA and other Retool Dashboards Overview
Attendees: Kareem,Joe
Link: https://notes.granola.ai/d/61a5f2b1-f196-4e31-8b3b-56cf9c6a7708

## Transcript
 
Me: Are you? Blueprint group is our demo account. So you're going to see the folder. Structure at the bottom. This is exactly what we want for every single month. Because it aligns with the buckets that we have here. Does that make sense? Yes. Where it's like, hey, well, it doesn't actually matter which folder it goes into. In terms of cash investments. It just keeps them organized. It's just giving them a structure to match up their monthly close process that we've kind of mapped out for them. Every client, every accounting firm does monthly close differently. And even by client as well. They all have different checklists. We're just trying to sort of flow past tries to do. We're trying to standardize the process. On the other hand, we have some clients. I think opinion actually does this. We recently onboarded that Louis has a different SharePoint site. For every single client, but every single year as well. And that's just. Wow. That means we typically want one SharePoint site by accounting firm and then have subfolders for every single client. Then we have to make one SharePoint connection. Sharepoint site. Is a different connection. So having to reset let's say 130 pinion connections every year or maybe 300 if depending on how fast we grow is just going to be an operational nightmare. Yes, because their IT team is going to have to manage we got them to now only do SharePoint site by clients. They have to connect each client once. But it's just here nor there. It's just the frustration. Let's go into retool. I'm going to take you. I'm going to go to the home page to start. You probably see Avaxi a couple retool tabs open. I am a power user. I would say is a good way to put it. But Mitch and Mike will probably created the most of it. I think Michael's spending a lot of time with one of you two. I think you. And hopefully he can depart. As much wisdom as possible before departing. But the good news is, like Elijah, while I'm coming in supporting on the solution engineering side, in addition to Di Elijah, Has more expertise. Especially when it comes to connections. And using retool in general. So that's just something to note. But I'm guessing. Question. I know Mitch mentioned asap. I can give an overview of that, but I want to make sure if there are other things to cover, though. I'm guessing Michael is taking us through this page. I don't know about you, Joe, but no, I have no idea. Yeah, Michael dove in a little bit on one of them, specifically and more how it's built. An overview of what you're using, what it's for. All that would be amazing. Yeah. Okay, let's do that. Have you think of? You guys used retool before or even seen it? Great for you have not. Retool. It does a lot of things. But it's one set of dashboards and analytics that sit on top of your platform, but more importantly next to the incorporated into your platform. So it's a really good for B2B companies that want to build products like Basis does, it's probably the worst explanation, but that's really what we use it for. So a good example is this transaction page. This table. Is actually retool. So we're pulling in a retool to generate this table. So I wanted you guys to know the app Post hog to be a scene. Post hod. Post hog is what we use to look at client like where clients are clicking on. Okay? I'll show you. Now I'm going to take. We're going down a wormhole. Very helpful. Yes. So let's say the reason why Post Hog is, like, the coolest but scariest app right now. Is this person? Let's say. Go with someone I've seen go into the platform. D shop. So Disha is a power user or platform as of late. You can actually see where Disha is clicking throughout. Okay. That's her going into the platform two hours ago. On the other hand, there are certain things that people that we as bases cannot see because we can only see basis hosted. Ui. So transactions is one of them. I'm trying to find a good example here. Where she seems like she spends a lot of time in her checklist. That's natural. End of the month. Might not be. Basically the minute that she goes into transactions. Could probably even be. I can pick myself. By the way. That might be a good one. It's like a pain. Guilt. Should I use activities? It really is. I think I go into transactions. More. This was me. Clicking. I go between a whole lot of pages. It's hard to find the exact example. Here. I at least want to show you what it looks like. Because I think, oh, here we go. Transact ion. No. Yeah. Here we go. If I click it, transactions. One. I have a lot of inactivity, apparently. That's fine. XC removes the inactivity. But this is what it looks like. You literally cannot. So that. Not kind of. Couple of minutes, I guess. Before, I was looking at transactions. Literally nothing shows up. Because we don't host a page. It's all. I guess. So they go back to it. Maybe not. It's all hosted by Retool. That was a horrible example, but that's a fine one. We're eventually, you'll see. If you ever go to postdoc, you look at someone you've become from product perspective of where they're clicking. We cannot see what's going on with the transactions page. Either way. Retool is a combination of internal and external tools that we work with. Michael. And it sits between our database. So have you guys seen our SQL database is called Table plus. I don't know if you guys have seen used Table plus before. Yeah, so it sits between the table. Plus, I am not even get started on starting a data model. I tried. That's where a lot of these charts are. I explained to People last week. Happy actually did this week. But Michael. If Michael doesn't import that wisdom before he leaves, I will do it. I'm going to start with Devin, and then I'll go from Devin to you. Unless you thank Devin. Can't do it. I don't think Devin will give you an explanation of everything. Questions if you guys need it. Right now. Versus later. Understand? It's like one of those things where it is confusing to explain. There's 78 tables in our code base, so it's all of these. That just track everything from versions to at the most granular versions would be like any. I think it's like anytime someone doesn't do our platform versus events that happen. So anytime I do anything in the platform, Then there's also external connections that we have independent IDs for. So all of that. Is really important for us to track their issues in our platform, and that's really what I go into. Retool for. And retool, you can create customized tables. On top of our code base. So that transaction stable? That's right Here. This is technically from our code base. Of predictions that are created. That are mapped from retool. And, yeah, I think the main one that you're going to. I don't know why Mitch mentioned Mesa, by the way. But we have an admin dashboard that is basically our. Di Magna Carta because this is what we go in to do. A ton of different things on top of basis. Have you guys seen this? Just basically, this is the extent that I've seen. Okay, this is the main page that you guys saw. If I did, like a quick quiz. You know, where to go to for anything. Not at all. Let's just say this onboarding tab is if you want to give yourself access to anything from. If I want to give myself access to different books. I can do that right here. So if I type in Kareem. Double click my name. This is where I can actually go in and add new clients and remove myself from existing ones. That filters into the list of clients that I see here. Does that make sense? Yes. That I'm guessing you guys have gone through. It can also change my firm. Don't do that. That's the one thing I'll say. Unless there's, like, an insinuating circumstance. I really only do this. When I need to attach a folder to a new firm. That makes sense. So attach the sharepoint. Because you have to be a firm admin. Otherwise, this is just different entity tables. Glfi. This is actually going to lead us to Mesa, and this is kind of what Mitch wanted me to talk to you guys about. Next one here is as part of the onboarding process, you have to connect your ledger and your financial institution. And you have to make sure. Or Di has to make sure before just giving the client back the book like we tell them. Hey, Faces is learning your book right now, which is true. But on the other hand, it's really us. Just making sure that all of the FIs are connecting to ledger to their chart of accounts correctly. Can you describe that? I know it's not part of this, but just briefly, how is the basic learning. It just gets into the. Let's say a quickly look at the platform. Ance of transactions. Look at how it's being locked into how the John H. Was about. So it looks into typically, yeah. It makes her to match those transactions. Too in the bank account. S to what we're seeing. Play already closed. And then they go to your bank account. And then you look at last year's bank account. And look at last year's geometry. And they try to study that. Okay? That's literally what it does. Okay? And as long as the match rate looks good or like, hey, this makes sense. This financial institution is not the 100%. This financial institution connects to this. Account number, right? Got you. We feel pretty good about that. So future ones will also go into it. So that actually brings me. Let me think of a good customer. Well, I have a good one off the top of my head because blueprints are right up. So let's go. Let's just find a fun one here. I'm going to go through my own clients. Corey Johnson actually does a ton. So Corey Johnson's ironically, politician in New York. So probably not the best one to use. But basically what I do here is I can get the GL accounts, I get the transaction accounts, but really, I just want to get the mapping, which is. Here are all the FIs and here's the GL that they match up to. So in this case, there's actually two levels to the hierarchy here. It's like your connection type. And then. And we call them a Fila. Financial institution ledger account, I think, versus just the FI account name, which is called a fia. So each credit card. Here is a subset of like one connection, AKA finicity. Or, like, one connection with the bank. So Phonicity plus. In this case, mx. But you see that there's multiple Amex credit cards here. So in this case, let's say I open up platinum card. And I run a comparison. Now you can see the history of. Transactions. That happened with the Amex credit card, as well as what goes into the General Electric. And what we're seeing here is starting June. I guess June 27th is the first one. Or is the most recent one here? Obviously there seems like there's other credit cards that go into this amex card ledger. Maybe they upgraded their card, which seems like that's definitely the case with 222 001. Looks like there are other accounts that map it. So what we see here is that they all match. We feel good about it. Right. This might be confusing. But let me get into more detail. I realized what we can see here is. All of these transactions. A check mark of whether they matched or not. So it looks like these two did not. I actually match up to what we're seeing. In the ledger. I wonder if I should go more basic. Here. Left sides of financial institution. This is the credit card statements. These are all the transactions that the credit card. Right side here is the general ledger. I forgot that this is the first time y'all are seeing this. I don't know why I think that Michael walked you guys through this before. So these are all credit card transactions? There's a checkmark. That means that we're seeing that it matched up with something on the right side here, which is a general ledger. And for me to check that. I can actually click here. Which is action two. And it's going to. Should highlight. There we go. The corresponding transaction. They Both for negative 8.7. Same with this one. June 9th. Great. If I actually click on the double right? This will show me the match that actually happened between the two of them. But here's a credit card transaction. And here's the ledger. I could delete the match if I want to. Which would just remove it from basis. If there's a duplicate for whatever reason, that's not going to change what's posted in QVL or 0, whatever the ledger is. That's just something that's worth noting. That history is important because of what they should be looking at when it comes to, I don't know, running reconciliations, among other things. In the month. So we look at this in the past. Once we feel good. We'll actually go back into onboarding. And you see, like, onboarding status stage here. We have three onboarding stages. Initial reviewed and finished. It might also be deleted, but let's just go to. Let's go to. Onboarding stage. For any that are reviewed. Which looks like there is one that's interviewing. I can move it to finish if I feel pretty good about it. Aaron client, I think is literally Aaron here. So I don't know why this has been interviewing for so long. But if I feel good, I click finished, and then that's that, actually. How do you feel? Good. What do you do to see how you feel? That was the deal. If I count okay, you look at the match. If I feel good about the historical matching, it's the main thing that we have to check. Because us doing that. So okay. If I take a few steps back. Three connections have to be made. First they connect their folders. So like their SharePoint. Has to be. Connected. Secondly, they'll connect their ledger, which would be quickbook Zero. Third, they're gonna connect their bank account. Once they have all three of those. It's going to go from initial to reviewing and basis is going to do that automatically for us. Okay, so what's in the sharepoint? What information you get from the share. We get that thing at the beginning. At the beginning? Okay? It's just for uploading supporting documents. Et cetera. Typically, we'll tell them, hey, at least in the pilot especially, let's use basis this folder structure. Just create a new folder and we'll do that for them. We'll create a new folder in their name, and then they can start adding documents once you're up and running. Got it. Because the first month or two, keep in mind that they're not just going to immediately change their month end to basis. They're probably going to run a month and concurrently between basis and their old. System or way of doing it. So it's in reviewing on all three of those are connected. However, from there. The one thing we just check is Heck folders. There should be nothing in there. That's fine. We'll fix that, but let's just make sure that we're reading the transaction history correctly. And we're reading their ledger correctly, too, once we feel good about that. There's not really other intangibles that we have to think about before releasing a book. And from there, anything that's unmatched is going to show up in the transaction fee here. So it's like anything that's matched. Is going to show up looking, like, matched. Which in this case, there's nothing been national last three months. Or to go back to 2022, Match means that it's hosted directly to QBO or 0. Synced means that it was pushed in basis. So there's a little bit of difference in terminology here. That means that, hey, we push it in the QBO from basis. You didn't push it directly into qdl. So you'll see no sync successes. Right. When we release a book, you're going to see some matched and then you'll see other ones that maybe like awaiting user. That have not been matched yet that they can or not been synced yet that they can sink. Not going to tell the difference between what's push from basis and what's initially onboarding customer. You look at the histories. And see it. See if there's some of the match, like a basis process. Works well, it got 98% of stuff. Matched automatic, right? It's good. And then what's the way you release the book? That's the word you use, Release the book. Means it's ready to go. It's what you need. There's ready to be put in their hands so they can start actually. Playing around in that. Yeah. I think at this point, I'll be thinking the real data. Like when you release it. It brings out, okay? And then once you release it, and then they will actually use essentially a ton. You're using running bases to a period process. And at the point you probably will say, like you said, you're going to think that geometries or push your energy fan basis into a quickbook. Okay? And then you have educated guess. Like acid. Those are the ones that you want people to review before you post. Yeah. So this is the demo account. I'll just show you like, this is, like, perfect example. Just. I think. That's. Fine. Okay? So high confidence are areas where we feel very good about the match because we've seen some sort of history on it. So in this case, Verizon Wireless. I know this for a fact. I created this demo. With keep. This is a monthly monthly utilities bill. So the pattern is monthly. The Webber is all confirmed. So it's a website Service provider is good. We go high confidence in this case. Some of the ones that were educated guess here we didn't have as much history on. This is Zelda's. Adrian Casanova. Who is that? Right. Where do I actually put it? Guessing that it's a contractor. And that's with no prompting, which I think is pretty important. By the way. One Intermediary step two Intermediary steps. Or exit 1. When we're first reading a book. It's going to show up in processing at first. Because it's still developing predictions. Right. So it's like, hey, the bank account transactions, if they're pending in bank, that means they just hit the bank account and we don't actually have the details from the bank for us to make predictions. But once it is we need to make predictions and moves into processing, then it moves into high confidence. Educated guess what? We. Every couple hours. How far could you? Then we pulled it down. Usually nightly, but you can run it whenever, so I could run it right now. If I wanted to. What is mess up stand for? I don't know what makes this dance. What? So Mesa is okay? So everything that we're looking at here is. Data that's come into basis. We'll put it that way. And it's in our data model. Mesa is a different dashboard. That actually does pass throughs directly to our external vendors. So whether it's the bank accounts or qbo, it allows us to see the data. When ever that is on the other side. And that's very helpful, because if I don't see the data, In the ui. There's two issues. It could either be it helps you debug. Like where along the path that data's missing. Right? It's either like, hey, we actually have the data in our back end and we just haven't actually put it up to the front end, or we just never receive the data. In the first place, and it's still in finicity. And we just haven't properly dug it up. Or fenicity doesn't even see it. So it's like, what the hell? Something's going wrong in their connection with the bank. Does that make sense? Thanks. Just maybe just to explain to. What are we looking at here specifically? Yeah. So this is called the Mesa dashboard. I only use it for. I don't even use all of this. This is just another view of our data that is really. Typically used if I want to. Understand the strength of the connections that we currently have. So in this case, I click the client that I want to see and a table that populates has all of our different vendors in the connection status. However, I typically use it for. So there's two different types of vendors. There are molas. Amola is a connection to either your. It's really a connection to your ledger. Let's just say that. So in this case, this is zero. Merged organization Linked account is what they call it. I didn't know that. And it tells you what they're created at. The last time that it ran. So as I mentioned, one today, it ran this morning. And more details around it. Merge is a third party that we have used to facilitate these connections. Have you brought up Merge in front of Mitch? I've heard a lot of people don't like it. Merge is very unpopular right now because there's a lot of issues right now with pass throughs where Merge is not feeding us all the data that they should. So merge is the in between of us and zero. Okay? And a lot of the times, especially because. Here's why Merge's job is more difficult, technically. Is that there's a lot more push and pull with our ledger connection because that is where the value of basis is. We're not really. We have read only access to the banks, so we can't do anything damage. However, the moment we double push a prediction because merge accidentally took transaction push and it pushed it twice. That's something that's happened before, right? It's difficult to debug on our end. And we actually have to go into Merch's website and do it. By the way. On the other hand, with the Filas, the in between is like Plaid and Fitnessity which have you guys used? You guys have used cloud. I'm guessing there's personal account works the same way here. So, any questions before I jump into Pilas? So this is an interesting case where. One thing that's difficult, and I'm trying to have our DI teammates be able to articulate this to our customers, because a lot of our customers, it was even brought up. Maybe you guys joined the feature request meeting today. Yes. Okay? So one of the main feature requests are. I don't know if you guys saw it was really. The first one was, why don't we just do the bank connections ourselves? Yes, I saw that there are companies built around that. And big finance does not light these types of custom companies. So like a stocking to Andrew because Andrew comes from that world. And he worked at a startup in the space before. You have to routinely make updates to correspond with every pixel on login page, because it literally is just taking screenshots of bank statements at the end of the day and bringing it back in. We do not have the ability to do that across 19,000 things. In the United States. Let's just be real. It's just way too difficult. So we have to depend on these third parties, like finicity and plaid. A lot of them connect to the same banks, but hitting that long tail is very difficult. And we often have. Not often, but we have disconnection issues. So whenever I see a disconnect issue, so banking out is disconnected. We'll get a notification. I'll go in here. So I'll go into the Fila, which is the bank connections. And then here. So if I see finicity here, it's going to say plaid. This is a connect, a direct pass through to their token so I can see what clad is seeing on their side. Is it? NASA dashboard tells you the connection. That bases uses, whether they disconnect it or are they connected well. It's a couple more setups. A sync status page. It's a sync status page, okay? That's what I use it for. So in this case, I just learned that we might actually have, in real time with you guys, fucking issue with this one, which is the one that's given us a lot of trouble. So what does this mean? Aggregation status code 170. I now go into Pinnacity's error codes and I know I've already seen that 200, 201 and 0 are good status codes. 170, on the other hand, I have never seen before, so this is going to be a good lesson. Go into more presentation. Something goes wrong. People don't have to come to Page to find out some. That's issued in the sync. Right. Usually when it's disconnected. And this is something that's an issue when we see an aggregation status code. Of something that is not 0, 200 or 201. We should be getting that notification and passing it through to. Basis, so it shows up as disconnected. And then we would get an email because of that. So in this case, aggregation status code 170 for this is a checking account for the account comprehensive. What I would do is I would. And let me know if this is too detailed. I would do two things, actually. First I have to add myself to the client because I can't see it. So in this case, I have my name Kareem here. I go in comprehensive. I'm going to add myself some accountant. And now when I refresh, actually happens very quickly, which I like that. How quick it adapts. From retool. So now, here's the book. I go to clients. And I look at the connection, it looks stable right now. However. It looks like there's two sub entities of this bank, by the way. So 3, 9, 6, 7 and 3, 9, 5, 9. You have to go. Sorry. You guys can go. Yeah. So here's another finicity connection. I'm actually going to do the same thing and just see, like, hey, what's going on? Do they have the same? Yep. It's also 170. Is this going to disconnect? Probably. Over the next day or two. The other thing I check is, hey, here's the balance date. September 2nd. Creating a date was June 25th. Aggregation attempt September 3. So the last success was September 2. The last transaction was august twenty eigth. So it looks like this is probably been an issue for about a week now. Oh, wow. On the other hand, it says as transactions to August 29th. Makes a little bit more confusing. Oh, this is the other. Sorry. August 29th. Last transaction. Time. So one other thing I sometimes check here is, hey, this could be a mistake if I go in and I refresh it. Does anything change? Does the aggregation code actually Incorrect. In this case. I don't know why that just happened. But I would say that's kind of the main value prop for Mesa. And then last thing, if I go below, I want to get all the transactions. Something just happened. Pick token. So now I'm going to be able to. Hopefully. It may not let me do this because it's saying that it's disconnected. So that makes it a little bit harder, but I can technically sometimes look at all the transactions. In a given. Oh, here we go. Get transactions. So here's the other thing. This is actually very interesting. Because this lends itself to you. Remember how I told you before? That. Hey. 3, 9, 6, 7. We only see Transactions through the 29th. Yes. Yeah. So it looks like we have transactions. Through the second infinity. Okay? The question is, what is happening? Right. Because finesse was in. The last successful aggregation was September 2nd or no. Okay. Now. I found it. There you go. I'm learning in real time. This makes it more confusing for you. Okay? Probably what happened is this is what it looks like happened. They made the connection yesterday. So that's why. Or they made, like, a reconnection. So the aggregation success state was September 2nd, and that actually added all the transactions. From 60 September 2nd as a created date from post to date. August 18 onwards. You see here. And then it's probably going to disconnect again because what happens is it's a stricter business account. Southern Bank. That disconnects basically every time. And use that to log in every time and go due to that factor authentication. It's really annoying. We had that with a couple of banks that we just haven't figured it out. Southern Bank. It is not a big enough problem. It's one client that will probably be the only one that uses specifically Southern bank in North Carolina. So we can't one size fits all it. But MESA is the tool that I use to be able to do a pass through directly into what we see. In any of. Our direct connections to make sure that the data matches up with what I see on our end. So, Mesa, right? Is this place for you to go see, basically, the status of these connections, these accounts. What would prompt you to go into Mesa? Is it a customer support issue? That would you say, let me go in and just see if this is the culprit? Is that why. Any disconnect, any issues with their bank accounts, okay? And it's really just bank accounts is what I've gone for. But is it usually like a user telling you that, or is it you going into their basis and seeing it's disconnected, or what prompts you to even decide to look at this? Typically, it's user messaging saying, hey, my bank account's disconnect. We've been a little bit more reactive than we should have, but we do get emails, remember? They do. Disconnecting. You have access to that client. Is that book. Is something that I want to figure out. Or if I don't have access to a book, I should still know when I. Bank accounts disconnected. I just haven't brought that up yet. Okay? And you guys now this person you found, they have an issue or someone might reach out to with an issue? And you find that it has an actual error. What's the remedy? Like, how do you. How do you go out trying to fix this? Yeah. So a couple things. One, I look at the aggregation status code. I would usually actually bring in this case, I kind of know what's happening. The only issue here, the thing that's weird, is that typically there'd be a different aggregation status code. Called a186, which you can't see here, but one that would tell me, hey, this is a multifactor authentication issue. I know that. There are two paths. Sometimes I'll talk to Engineering and be like, hey, I haven't seen this error code before. Is it a retryable? Error. Devin actually can tell me if the reach outwear. So that means can the user just be okay or can basis help reconnect? And if not. Oxycopied this id. And I'll go to mastercard support. Or finishity. Does that make sense? Oh, wait. So oxy go to finishity. And they pass through. All. The. They actually pass through the details. That we need, so aka. I have my ID here, and then I have the customer id and I'll include, because that's directly from them, and I'll actually just go in and. File a ticket. I've actually done this a couple of times in the past. This is why I'm here right now. Just to kind of show a classic case. So this one rating on. You know, SX Labs was the original name of the Bezos, yes? Yes. So it's like here. Close this one. This one was arrogating successfully, but in my initial one. There's this checking and savings account. Here is the id, but the bank account is not refreshed. And it's showing up this connection to state1rn. Sometimes I'll bring in the actual aggregation code. So it's helpful about it is it also helps. This also helps me with escalation. Nice and I can talk to directly. Too. I have direct connections to message Plaid Phonicity. All four of them have different ones. We have four bank account connections. Cloud infinity are two of them. And then Yogli and Teller, and each one has, like, a different support. To deal with. Understood? Okay, cool. I have a million more questions, but I'll let you get nowhere. A bit over, but I want to prioritize your learning. Okay. So I'm happy to continue answering. Okay, well, I'll take up on it. So I understand the general idea now of this and how you use it. I think what's a little confusing to me is just like you already explained some of them, but Mola fila fila fia. Yeah. All those acronyms are blending together for me as to what they mean exactly. So. Yeah, that's where we have to turn around. Okay. Look at that. Data model. Talk about data model a little bit. This was me trying to explain it to Michael, and Michael saying, a decent job. Yeah. Well, this one's more. I can't critique it. I just accept it, which may make it worse. Okay? Let me see the best way to explain this. Because we don't really think in hierarchies, which I think makes our data model a little bit more difficult. It was built by Neville. Neville who's here? On vacation this week. He was our first engineer. And he was a founding, I guess our founding engineering. Now he's there. Head of engineering. And. He needed to build it in a way that was scalable. So I can explain this to Michael, but I haven't been able to. I haven't explained. I guess I explained this to some of our other DI teammates. So let me ask you about the best way to go about this. Okay? Scratch this. Out of this, actually. Okay? So. Maybe we start most more granular. Okay? Basis objects. Is a table that basically gives a unique ID to every event that happens in basis. So this includes everything from a Fila, which is. Hey. I want to do a bank account. Connect. I want to connect my Chase account. If you want to connect your Chase bank to what's a common thing that you connect to Chase bank to your investment account. Sure you go through cloud, right? Cloud is going to ask you what accounts. Do I want to connect? Yes. Yeah, like you have many kids. So Fila is just marking that my Chase account is connected through Plaid. Via is every single individual account that you're connecting. And what's the stand ard? That's financial institution. Ledger account and then the Constitution account. I don't. I don't know. And that tends to just rude back. This is a connection to a bank account or this a connection to a specific account. Exactly. And sometimes OB1 to 1. Sometimes it's going to be men. Needle one. It's never many to one. Some are like one to many. Basis object again, it reads. It doesn't read these differently. It's just like, hey, if I have bank account, So if my bank is Chase. And then I have account, like, let's say, our checking account. So check. 1, 2, 3, and then savings. For five, six. This one will have basis object. This will have a basis object. This one will have a basis object. I don't know the reason for doing this, but the basis object is most granular version. Of what happens in our table. The only thing you can do with the base object is delete. It really just tells you, like, hey, when was the connection made? When was the last time it's updated? And then what was the date deleted? And is it deleted? That's, like, really all it is. I want to delete Fia or I want to delete a feela. I have to delete all three of these. Right. Filas and molas. I guess. Mola bola. Let's just call it a roll up. Mola, as we mentioned, is our connection to qbo. Any connection that's not related to banks. Gotcha. So qbo and sharepoint, they all go through mollus. Gotcha and sharepoint. Sharepoints are folder. It's like, equivalent to, like, a box. It's like box. The same thing. It's the same thing as box. It's Microsoft's version of box. Gotcha. And what's mollus, then? What were the merge object ledger account? Rude object I think it was. Let me. Actually find it. To set it here. Which was. Under dano. Once this loads. Great. Merge organization like to come. Sorry, Bird organization went down. Okay, and what's their FILA Is financial institution linked account. So the linked account is the parent linked account. Financial institution account is the junior which I hate the Navy convention. It is not okay. And I'm just looking at this chart. I now understand what MOLA and feel is vendor data, both mullahs and Fila combined. And then it just flips out of the next tabs. Say that. Yeah. This dev is just Mola's. This step just feels is this tab Bullet angel is. Yep. And that's called Vendor objects. Vendor objects. Which also have a basis object. So you add up the level hierarchy, there's still a basis object that's attached to it. And what's the original vendor object? And a linked account. Because rmd is both linked accounts to. A vendor object is the parent of these linked accounts. There's nothing called, okay. There's no hierarchy with linked accountants. It's vendor object. I say okay. Accounts. It's called render objects. This is called vendor objects. And duos. But the only hard part about it is that. Well, a lot. Mola is a vendor object. It feels better object. A fee is also another object, so we still give it its own. Vendor object id. So that's what makes it a bit more complicated. And that's attached to a basis id. So vendor objects. This comes from the vendor. It has its own external id. And that's what we work with the client on. We translate to something internal called client object. And there's a one to one match between a vendor object, which again is just the externally facing tables. So that's used for me to do support tickets. To customer object and then both of these. I guess it has a connection to basis objects as well. Based objects really just reads it at the top. Client objects. Caxi show you the table and tablecloths right now. It actually gives you a bit more information than client objects. I'm hoping this doesn't confuse you more. No, so far, this is helpful. Me go through some of these tables. Okay, so basis objects. This is all basis object is. So you see how this is, like, tight vendor object, client object. Yeah, there's a few. If I even just. Yes. Do that. If I can spell. I don't know how many years. It's going to be. This might be too big of a table for us to do this. Yeah, this is way too big. I really just slightly crushed it. Crash it. It makes sense because it's a massive table. I could imagine. And it's not letting me kill. So that's a great start. There we go. Kill this one. Okay? Make a back. Let's do that. 1,000. So we can see more. But signore client object tracking categories. And really it's just vendor and client objects. We have another table. Called buy objects. Which I'll show you which you're kind of just talking about. Where it's like, hey. And there's a lot of different client objects. In this case, these are all journal entries. So. It's like client objects to mean a lot of things. It can mean any of. Our. Oh, those aren't that objects. Let me actually make sure. Interesting. Oh, here's Merge. Okay, so this is Emola. Okay? Sorry. Give me one second. I'm trying to figure this out at the same time. Sure. It's a complicated set. Are you going to be in the Beta a lot? I'm not sure yet. I think it's important that I have an understanding of the data model. But don't know how much I actually have to be in the data. Yeah. That makes sense. I'll go through Tanya in a second. Because. Have you seen Tanya? Yeah. Mitchell is made quickly. It's great. Okay? So this is interesting. Okay, this is, like, a perfect example. Of like, hey, this is a finicity connection. That we created here's like, the vendor object id, and we should have an ID here, which is the client object id, which is our internal one. This is external internal, but I might need to correction on that. To be honest. It's basically like, Necessarily to explain this is. Because I don't actually use this table that much. Sure. It's another table that just reads on top of a lot of different events that happen in basis. So it's like, hey, this is our online transfer. Great. Any transaction that comes in. Each one has a client object that's attached to it. And I think that helps us with debugging purposes. If there are any issues with people in the transactions, et cetera. I think I just realized that the external objects, the external vendor ID is actually vendor object source id. So you can see how it's different by who the bacteria is. This is tell er is another plaid. And then this is spinicity. The numbers are different. So additional client objects. Include. Journal entries. As well as mole. It really just uncovers a lot of things. I think the thing to connect with. Cancel this again. Most times. We'll have to cancel queries. Hopefully my time at basis. Because I'm not writing. But at 1000, Each journal entry, any prediction, anything. Final. See this? Has to run this and cancel it, I guess. It's not my day. When it comes. To this is it. This is so random. How? Like this. Maybe I'll get more luck with this. Corey very okay. Curry. One. I've actually never seen this issue before. So let me actually see. Okay? This is what I advise. On this front when it comes to data models. Let's have Michael try to explain it. I think the only other thing that I'm going to add is that every event that happens in basis has basis object, but we also have tables that have predictions. We have another table for connected folders. We have detailed master tables for each of them that are probably more helpful for you in terms of learning. Not even learning. I don't think you're going to actually need it. I'm just going to Tanya for everything. Sure. Probably sculpts overall learning, but you get your answers much quicker. But it's like, hey, we have a table called Connected folders that tells you, hey, here's the child. ID 12345. And then here's its parent folder 23456. And then for the parent folder, it might be here. It might be a child in another row. And then this would be 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, right? It's like, this will help. This helps me tell. Like, hey, what are the actual properties? Of how the most basic in a SharePoint or in a box like granular folder structure. It goes all the way up to the top. We also have, I guess, activity folders. We have one for predictions. We have one for closed periods. You have one for anything that happens in basis. Make sure that we have our own master tables for each of them. I think 411 is. Let's say we have 40 master tables. Each of them have different events and basis. The way that we track all of our events is to just having a basis object attached to it. Vendor objects are any IDs or any events that are externally facing. So that means pulling data from a vendor. That includes the fias, the filas. And within that. There's something called an fit. That means financial institution transaction. So it's like the hierarchy is the transactions, individual account, and then one of your accounts within the actual bank. So the checking savings. Each of these are a vendor object, but they also have a basis object attached to it. Because if I want to delete anything, Or see what the status update is. It's just great for us to have that most granular table. Possible. I don't think you need to fully understand this part, because I obviously don't. But I think I understand the fact that we do have master tables for everything. If I ever need to delete it. Or delete a prediction or delete a transaction. The way I do it is that each of them have a corresponding id. Program. That makes sense. Well, cool. Maybe later this week or next week, we do a session on just the main retool that you're using. What's called customer dashboard. Yes. Whatever the name of the retool. Yeah, the admin dashboard. Exactly, yeah. So what did Michael show you guys? This went theoretical. I would say more on how things are built in retool as opposed to why. So he's, like, showing me how to create resources. And how to create tables in the right way and all that. Less so why does the team using this dashboard. I'll try to get that from him tomorrow. But I guess on the using the dashboard. And. And we can cut it. But also. Think it's nice. Now. Strange. The admin dashboard. I would say just high level, and we can dive into permissioning. So that's what this onboarding page is for me, getting access to a certain book. I use it. For matching or seeing how GL&FI accounts match up, which is kind of what we talked about so far. I use it for templates and tasks. Which is another big one. Where it's like, hey. I have a set of. Let's go to the task page here. This is their monthly checklist that they go through. On a monthly basis. We can even see September is because September is not going to be run. 22 items on their checklist. Every client obviously navigates a different checklist. But what happens is we'll probably talk to our firm sponsor. And affirm sponsor is going to be like, hey, I want to standardize it. And here are all the items that we want within the checklist. So what we do is, let's say I want to apply. We call it a blueprint. So it's like a standardized checklist. We have the basis blueprint, which is like, hey, here's our recommended checklist tasks that we have. And then you could layer on your own manual ones that you want to do. Every month if you're an accountant. But we also have some customers are like, hey, here are your other templated tasks that we find very interesting. So if I want to apply a blueprint. I can do that. So I pick. Hey, this is. I guess this is mormons blueprint. Let's say I want to take acrio's blueprint so their dental one and I want to apply it to the dental practice. Here at 55 tasks. That the dental practice decided they want every single one of their every single one of their accounts or every single one of their clients to put in the checklist. We'll do that. One thing to note is that if you're ever making a change externally into a book before you do anything. You have to actually access the token. Select who the book is, and I can apply those 55 tasks. To those periods. So that's something you can do. Can also delete tasks. All of that. Additionally, in the admin page. I'll stop after this one and you can ask some questions. Because these are the main things I look at. Files. Literal. Let's say I want to look at. Let's actually see. I think I'm incomprehensive. Book. They have no documents. Let's go. That makes sense because they haven't rolled over any documents. So here you see all their, like, bank statements. Let's say I want to see one of these bank statements. I actually can go into this is Mesa. Go to the admin dashboard. Going to comprehensive. We'll click on Explore. And now I'm in their show folder structure. So at this point, realistically, Tommy 2025, this is also why it's nice to have standardized folders, because this is literally their folder structure. So if I go to. It was supposed to be August. So let me actually go back. To august. Now we're going to start seeing what they have, which is bankers reconciliation, bank statements, loans and payroll. So you see those four folders? I'd say I want to see one of their bank statements. Eggsy has to still access the token. To do this. Because it's sensitive client data. We just inserted that as, like, a stopgap. Here is. Going to be there. Folder should download, and it usually takes me, like, a minute or two. It's really annoying, actually. There we go. Some part of it. And then now I can see the statement that's directly from. Their SharePoint or their box. Gotcha. So I use that, by the way. For some, we use natural language to write instructions for reconciliations. That was a bank statement. It's like, hey, if I want to do reconciliation around this account, And see how this is like the links file. I'll be like, hey, why didn't I actually pull the correct amount from their source? So, do you have reconciliation? Mark. I was taught this morning, so I know very little, but was tell this morning. The idea is that there is the trial balance and there's the source. The source is the actual work papers or the documents that they import. So in this case, it could be like, hey, this is a checkings account. What was my balance? At the end of August. I'm going to compare that to. All of the transactions that have occurred in August that have led to the change in balance. So child balance is going to be like what goes to our system. And then the source document is going to be what is actually in the file. Do they match up? Really the main question. Understood? In this case. The source balance does not match up to the trial balance could be for a few reasons. Let me just make sure. Okay? By the way, just got an email. That actually will show you what we were kind of talking about earlier, okay? Which is. Hey, a bank account disconnected. So this is what it looks like. The accounting system for this is not just. Damn. This is a different one. No, this is like the ledger disconnected, which I've never seen before. Oh, wow. So that's probably why everyone's freaking out right now. But if I look at this. I now had. Let's see if I can go into the Lord's new connection s. Merge. Organization linked accounts. That's a mola. So Merge is that company that everybody hates. That's what you use to connect to river, to hills, tool and die. That's what we use to connect. I don't know. Zero or quickbooks. It looks like all of these became disconnected at once because we were running an extra load process. So our engineering team needs to fix it. Yikes. Okay. Very good. Okay? So also happy to go do this again, by the way. Appreciate it. No, yeah. I feel like my questions will get smarter over the next couple of weeks. Hopefully. If you're asking a lot of great questions, I wish I had all the answers. You don't need to use some of these other ones on the right here, okay? Financial institutions look up you can actually cover through GLFI accounts. This just tells me. Hey. For money kits. For basically for each customer. Which provider actually is the best to connect. So is finicity cover a rise? Federal Credit Union. The answer is yes. So in the future, if I want to type in, like, Chase, And I want to see. Hey, which providers work for Chase? Looks like Teller works for Chase. Vanicity works for Chase. Plaid works for Case Money Kit, which we don't use anymore. Works for chase. Nice. You don't need to know task actions. This is actually relevant to. Action items. Do you know what action items are? So action items. If I go here, if there are this is where basis. Tells you. Hey. Autopilot ran this check and we over amortize by X amount or we think we found some suspicious. Suspicious. Suspicious cash activity. Because we saw a wire out for $300,000. Right. And your ACB is 500,000. That makes no sense, right? Those are all action items that come in here. So in this case, This just tells me here are all the action items are getting client. You don't really need to know that much more than that. I want to use this to reset our demo account because if I want Matt to show blueprint group for the first time. He's actually going to go in, and for a given month. And he's going to probably run the month of June, and it might be action items here and checklist items that have already ran. So probably what I'm going to do is I'm going to unrun everything for him. You'll never actually have to use, like, 80% of what we just talked about today, but I think it's just worth knowing that. Hey, the main takeaway here is that retool. Has been the main product we've used to build bases for the ground up. Especially because it connects our data sources to basis. Yeah, and it's both the admin tool and the actual product. I would say probably. As we're building Atlas, one thing to think about is our data model is still black box. It's probably more like paintball, not opaque. Like semi black bots, but I think it's fullier black box to those people. Is that some of the documentation that we actually need? And how important is it? For a DI person to know some of these things. Makes sense. Yeah, the fact that you guys can do the job without it. It's an interesting data point, but, yeah. Totally. Yeah. But I think we're seeing it more now that Michael's leaving. There are certain things. Actually. Going to launch pad. And go to Table plus. I only have read access to our backend. But let me actually see if this works now. Hopefully this works. Michael tomorrow. There we go. Oh, there we go. Okay? What I was going to get at here is that this query. Helped me delete tasks for 30 clients at the same time. I started in Tanya in accents to Michael. Michael's Akila missed this one part, so he didn't add it. I think everybody needs to be at least somewhat sufficient. In being able to make updates. Where needed. But that's going to be just a me thing. Yeah, makes sense. Trying to think. 